---
title: "Laos"
location: "Laos"
googleMapsUrl: "https://goo.gl/maps/1DGM5WrWnATgkSNB8"
startDate: "2 Apr, 2018"
endDate: "11 Apr, 2018"
imageUrl: "Laos.JPG"
---

# 2018 Apr - Laos Diary 🇱🇦

## Monday 2nd April

Arrived in Laos. Went to Laos kitchen with Ross and Nicole.

## Tuesday 3rd April

Rented push bikes and cycled round Vientiane looking at the temples and landmarks. Had a Laos full body massage and went to a local restaurant and served with lettuce wraps. Went to a bar with Benji the dog.

## Wednesday 4th April

Got a bus to Vang Vieng. Went to a bar on cliff tops and ate and drank until late.

## Thursday 5th April

Chilled in the pool in the morning. Then went tubing down the Mekong river. AMD restaurant.

## Friday 6th April

Rented mopeds and drove 40km around each of the blue lagoons and caves.
Lagoon 2 - Swing rope and Nicole couldn’t jump in.
Lagoon 3 - Sandwiches, underground cave and viewpoint.
Lagoon 5 - Water ring cave.
Lagoon 1 - Buddha cave and torrential downpour.
Wet drive home and hour walk around looking for pizza.
Went to Irish bar.

## Saturday 7th April

Bus to Luang Prabang. Got stuck on a muddy hill and had to pull 5 vehicles up the hill via rope. Army personnel then left and we had to turn around. Went to Bouang for dinner. Pretentious little dishes.

## Sunday 8th April

Rode bikes to Le Banneton and then the temples and climbed Mount Phousi. Chilled in the afternoon and then went night market and Bamboo Garden for dinner and saw little puppies.

## Monday 9th April

Woke up early for Alm ceremony to feed the monks. Went morning market and then got Tuk Tuk to Kuang Si Waterfalls. Saw Moon and Sun bears and swam in the lagoon. Ross got attacked by fish. Went for cocktails and then an Indian meal at Nisha in the evening and bought gifts at the night market.

## Tuesday 10th April

Ross got everyone pain au chocolats and then we got a mini van to the Elephant Village. Rode elephants in the morning and then fed the baby elephants Maxi. After lunch, rode the elephants into the river and washed them before chilling in the pool with a drink. Went for cocktails and then a pizza before the night market. Few drinks at Utopia.

## Wednesday 11th April

Breakfast together at french cafe and then chill at pool. Mexican Amigos lunch and then left for airport.

Also went to a museum with unexploded bombs that Obama went to but can’t remember what day.

# Top Wow Moments

⁃ Being in pitch blackness in an underground cave.
⁃ Driving a moped through two giant cliffs towards a thunderstorm.
⁃ Walking down the mountain in just swimming trunks in the pouring rain.
⁃ Helping the Laotian army pull vans up a muddy hill with a rope.
⁃ Riding an Elephant across the Nam Khong river.

# Gifts 🎁

Luke & Bry - 3 small paintings and little Buddha
Jane - Scarf
Catherine - Make up bag
Henry - Shorts
Stefan - UXD bottle opener
John - Slippers
