---
title: 'Gdansk'
location: "Poland"
googleMapsUrl: "https://goo.gl/maps/1DGM5WrWnATgkSNB8"
startDate: "28 Oct, 2019"
endDate: "31 Oct, 2019"
imageUrl: "Gdansk.JPG"
---

# 2019 Oct - Gdańsk, Poland Diary 🇵🇱

## Monday 28th October
Arrived in the morning at 10am. Took a taxi to the apartment and left our bags. Walked into the city centre and explored the old town. Sat down for a coffee and a piece of cake and saw a tall tower with a viewing platform. Climbed the 410 step tower to get a great view. Grabbed a pizza and a pastry for lunch and then walked along the river. Made our way back to the apartment for a nap. Came out for dinner and went to La Pampa steakhouse for a large ribeye.

## Tuesday 29th October
Had a lie in and woke up with breakfast in bed. Walked to the WW2 museum which was harrowing but incredible. Walked back and had pasta for lunch before going back to the flat for a nap. Came out and went to Jacks Legendary bar for burgers. Went to a cocktail bar and got pissed.

## Wednesday 30th October
Had a big lie in and relaxed in bed all morning. Had a cooked breakfast before heading out. Walked up to the shopping centre and then walked up to the science museum in the hills and walked around the exhibitions. Went back to the shopping centre as had a coffee and got chocolate. Headed back to the flat and ordered Chinese and watched a film/football (Liverpool beat Arsenal on penalties after a 5-5 draw in the Carabau Cup).

## Thursday 31st October
Had toast for breakfast and then walked into town to go on the walking tour. Spent 2.5 hours having a tour of the city and seeing where the first shots of WW2 took place. Went back to the flat for some lunch and then went to the immersion floating tank for an hour. Both found it boring so went back to watch a film. Then went out for pizza and steak.