---
title: "Vienna"
location: "Austria"
googleMapsUrl: "https://goo.gl/maps/1DGM5WrWnATgkSNB8"
startDate: "2 Jun, 2022"
endDate: "5 Jun, 2022"
imageUrl: "Vienna.JPG"
---

# 2022 Jun - Vienna, Austria 🇦🇹

Vienna, Austria/Bratislava, Slovakia, June 2022

## Thursday 2nd June

Arrived very early at the airport and sat in the terminal for hours. Saw Jen and Dan. Flight was delayed and when we arrived we got a local taxi to the hotel, who gave us lots of suggestions, arriving around midnight.

## Friday 3rd June

Woke up late and had a fancy ass breakfast before walking to Schonbrunn palace. Decided it was too expensive to go in, so walked the gardens to the Zoo instead, to see Koalas, Pandas and Polar Bears.
Then went back to the hotel room, had a nap and went to the pool and spa and had a laugh with the tired Spa receptionist man.
For dinner we tried 2 separate schnitzel places, both too booked, tried another 3 recommendations from Tripadvisor before ending up in a burger restaurant. Then had an awkward drink in the hotel bar.

## Saturday 6th June

Had another late breakfast and walked to the Museum of Illusions which was great. Walked around the historic centre, refused to pay £5 for a fridge magnet, stopped for a beer and drink and then got the tram to the Belvedere Palace. Paid the cheapest entrance fee for the lower palace to see the artwork all about Venice weirdly. Walked back to the hotel, had a nap, went to the gym and then the spa.
Had excellent schnitzel at Tara’s recommended spot and then had cake in another restaurant before getting kind of caught in the rain. Then had a big old bath in the fancy ass bathtub.

## Sunday 5th June

Woke up early and went to the gym together followed by the pool where we raced each other (20m times: Luke 13s, Bry 21s). Had breakfast at the hotel and then got train to Bratislava. Walked around the old historic centre, bailed on walking up to the castle and then went to the airport. Landed at Luton and then had to taxi to Stansted to drive home.
